Object.create commit (#4545)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/objects/terms/create/create.md

> Title: 'Object.create() in JavaScript'
> Description: 'static method creates a new object, using an existing object as the prototype of the newly created object.It basically allows you to create a new object that inherits properties and methods from a specified prototype object. It's not about making a copy of an existing object, but rather establishing a prototype chain.'
> Subjects:
>   - 'Web Development'
>   - 'Computer Science'
>   - 'javascript'
>   - 'objects'
>   - 'prototype'
>    Tags:
>   - 'javascript'
>   -  'objects'
>   - 'inheritance'
>   - 'prototype'
>   - 'Documentation'
>   CatalogContent:
>   - 'javascript-objects'
>   - 'paths/computer-science'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
Title: 'Object.create()'
Description: 'It is a static method that creates a new object, using an existing object as the prototype of the newly created object. It allows you to create a new object that inherits properties and methods from a specified prototype object. It's not about making a copy of an existing object, but rather establishing a prototype chain.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Algorithms'
  - 'Inheritance'
  - 'Objects'
  - 'OOP'
CatalogContent:
  - 'introduction-to-javascript
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---
```

>   ## Syntax

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Syntax
```

>   ## Syntax

Reviewer: Please leave a single line space after every topic, here after syntax, please leave a line.

 ```js
Object.create(proto)
Object.create(proto, propertiesObject)

>  ```

Reviewer: Please leave a single line after every topic starts and ends.

>  ```js
> Object.create(proto)
> Object.create(proto, propertiesObject)
>  ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 ```pseudo
Object.create(prototype[, propertiesObject])
 ```
```

>   The **Object.create()** method creates a new object with the specified prototype object and properties. If no prototype is provided, the newly created object will have null as its prototype. This means that the newly created object will not inherit any properties or methods from any other object.

Reviewer: This is the description of the Object.create() method, this should go at the start, before the ## Syntax. 
Please modify the line: " The **Object.create()** method creates a new object with the specified prototype object and properties", since it is plagiarised.

>   The `propertiesObject` parameter is optional and allows you to add additional properties to the newly created object.You can specify which properties you want to add to the new object. For example, you might want to add a property called name, age, or anything else.

Reviewer: This particular description should go just below the ## Syntax. Example:

Parameters:
`prototype`: Its description
`propertiesObject`: Its description

> 

Reviewer: Leave only a single line space.

> ## Example

Reviewer: Please leave a single line space after the ## Example heading

> Lets take a look at an example that explains this concept better

Reviewer: Please leave a line spacing after this as well.

```js
// Creating an object to serve as the prototype
var prototypeObject = {
  greet: function() {
    return 'Hello!';
  }
};

// Creating a new object with prototypeObject as its prototype
var newObj = Object.create(prototypeObject);

// newObj inherits the greet function from prototypeObject
console.log(newObj.greet()); // Output: "Hello!"

> ```

Reviewer: Please leave a line after this, and also use the following after leaving the line:

It produces the following output:
```shell
Hello!
```

> in the example above, the  `newObj` is created using `Object.create()` with `prototypeObject` as it's prototype. This gives it  access to all of the methods on `prototypeObject` including the `greet()` function and that is why we have the final output of Hello from the console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the example above, the `newObj` is created using `Object.create()` with `prototypeObject` as its prototype. This gives it access to all of the methods on `prototypeObject` including the `greet()` function and that is why we have the final output of `Hello!` from the console.
```

> `Object.create()` is a very useful object  creation method in JavaScript. It allows you to create a new object with a specified prototype and also allows the usage of properties and functions from the prototype objecting inti the new one. This aids with a clearer and more understandable code, especially when dealing with complex inheritance hierarchies. Overall, Object.create() provides a flexible and powerful mechanism for object creation and inheritance in JavaScript, offering advantages such as control over inheritance, encapsulation, and code organization.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Object.create()` is a very useful object creation method in JavaScript. It allows you to create a new object with a specified prototype and also allows the usage of properties and functions from the prototype objecting into the new one. This aids with a clearer and more understandable code, especially when dealing with complex inheritance hierarchies. Overall, `Object.create()` provides a flexible and powerful mechanism for object creation and inheritance in JavaScript, offering advantages such as control over inheritance, encapsulation, and code organization.
```

> <<<<<<< HEAD
> Title: 'Object.create() in JavaScript'
> 
> Description: 'object.create() method creates a new object, using an existing object as the prototype of the newly created object.It basically allows you to create a new object that inherits properties and methods from a specified prototype object. It's not about making a copy of an existing object, but rather establishing a prototype chain.'
> 
> Subjects:
> 
>   - 'Web Development'
> 
>   - 'Computer Science'
> 
>   - 'javascript'
> 
>   - 'objects'
> 
>   - 'prototype'
> 
>  Tags:
> 
>   - 'javascript'
> 
>   -  'objects'
> 
>   - 'inheritance'
> 
>   - 'prototype'
> 
>   - 'Documentation'
> 
> CatalogContent:
> 
> 	  - 'introduction-to-javascript
> 
> 	  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
> =======
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
Title: 'Object.create()'
Description: 'It is a static method that creates a new object, using an existing object as the prototype of the newly created object. It allows you to create a new object that inherits properties and methods from a specified prototype object. It's not about making a copy of an existing object, but rather establishing a prototype chain.'
Subjects:
    - 'Code Foundations'
    - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
    - 'Algorithms'
    - 'Inheritance'
    - 'Methods'
    - Objects'
    - 'OOP'
CatalogContent:
    - 'introduction-to-javascript'
    - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---
```

Title: 'Object.create()'
Description: 'It is a static method that creates a new object, using an existing object as the prototype of the newly created object. It allows you to create a new object that inherits properties and methods from a specified prototype object. It's not about making a copy of an existing object, but rather establishing a prototype chain.'
Subjects:
  - 'Code Foundations'
  - 'Computer Science'
Tags:
  - 'Algorithms'
  - 'Inheritance'
  - 'Objects'
  - 'OOP'
CatalogContent:
  - 'introduction-to-javascript
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

> >>>>>>> 53b7d41d2838e085538be0eef5c409847d36f782

Reviewer: Please remove this

> ## Syntax
>  ```js
> Object.create(prototype)
> Object.create(prototype, propertiesObject)
>  ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Syntax
 ```js
Object.create(prototype[, propertiesObject])
 ```
```
